ROX-19799: Update docs for VM2.0 (#78059)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/unsnooze-cves.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operating/manage-vulnerabilities/vulnerability-management-dashboard.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="unsnooze-cves_{context}"]
= Unsnoozing CVEs by using the dashboard

[role="_abstract"]

> Use the *Vulnerability Management* -> *Dashboard* view to unsnooze CVEs that you have previously snoozed.

Author: Functionality no longer exists - removed module

= Unsnoozing CVEs

[role="_abstract"]

> Use the *Vulnerability Management* -> *Dashboard* view to unsnooze CVEs that you have previously snoozed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the *Vulnerability Management* -> *Node CVEs* or *Vulnerability Management* -> *Platform CVEs* view to unsnooze CVEs that you have previously snoozed.
```

.Procedure

> . From the *Vulnerability Management* -> *Dashboard* view header, click *CVEs*.
> . On the *CVEs* view, click the *View Snoozed CVEs* icon.
> . You can select the checkboxes for one or more CVEs, and then select *Unsnooze CVE* (*`bell`* icon) or move the mouse over a CVE in the list, and then select the *Bell* icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the *Vulnerability Management* -> *Node CVEs* or *Vulnerability Management* -> *Platform CVEs* view header, click *CVEs*.
. On the *CVEs* view, click the *Show Snoozed CVEs* icon.
. You can select the checkboxes for one or more CVEs, and then select *Unsnooze CVE* from the *Bulk actions* menu above the table or click the {kebab} in the table row to unsnooze a single CVE.
```
